Update multisig-apps.md - Add Polkadot Multisig by Signet (#5820)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/multisig-apps.md

:::

## Polkadot Multisig by Signet

[Polkadot Multisig](https://polkadotmultisig.com/) by Signet is user-friendly software that helps teams 
and businesses use multisigs in the Polkadot ecosystem. Multisigs are generally used by organizations to
hold treasury assets, pay employees or service providers, receive grants or manage an organization's on-chain 
identity. 

Polkadot Multisig is designed to be usable by a non-technical business user and enables a user to be 
productive and understand multisig transactions. Further information is available on
[Polkadot Multisig guide.](https://guide.polkadotmultisig.com/en)

### Signet

Talisman [Signet](https://www.talisman.xyz/signet) supports multisig ops and enterprise workflow for 

> onchain organisations. Enterprise features and self-hosted options available. Signet is proprietary,
> where are Polkadot Multisig by Signet is available for free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
onchain organisations. Enterprise features and self-hosted options are available. Signet is proprietary,
whereas Polkadot Multisig by Signet is free.
```
